It is bed time.
Good night Peppa, good night George.
Can I have a story, please?
Ok. I will read you the Red Monkey book.
But we always have that one,
the Red Monkey has a bath,
cleans his teeth and goes proceed.
Eh …yes,can we do another story.
the blue tiger, the green spider,
the orange penguin, oh what’s this one?
The wonderful world of concrete.
I’ve been looking for that!
Is it your book Daddy?
It’s a book I borrowed from the library
What’s the library
It’s a place you borrow books from
and when you finish
reading them, you take them back.
But daddy pig has
forgotten to take this book back.
I have had it for rather a long time.
Never mind,you can take it back
tomorrow, but now it’s bed time.
After Dad reads this story.
It’s not much of the story, Peppa
please read it, daddy.
Ok. The wonderful world of concrete.
Concrete is a construction
material composed of sand,
water and chemical
admixtures. Chapter one, sand.
Peppa, George and
Mommy Pig have fallen asleep.
It is the morning, Peppa and her
family have come to the library
Wow what’s a lot of books
Peppa you
must be quiet in the library.Why ?
Because people come
here to read and to be quiet.
Next please!
Miss rabbit is the librarian.
Hello Mommy Pig, are
you returning these books?
Yes, Miss Rabbit.
Right you are.
Why is the computer beeping?
It’s checking to see that you haven’t been
naughty in borrowing the book for too long.
I may have borrowed
this book for a bit too long.
Don’t worry, Daddy Pig,
it cannot be that bad.
Gosh, Daddy Pig you’ve had
this book out for ten years!
Naughty daddy!  Sorry Miss rabbit.
That’s all right,now
you can borrow another book.
Miss rabbit, can George
and I borrow a book please?
Yes, the children section is over here.
Oh look, fairies, flowers, pretty dresses …
Hello Peppa,Hello, Danny.
I am borrowing book about football
Hello, Peppa!
Hello, Suzy!
I got a book about nursing.
George has chosen a book
about dinosaurs.Dinosaur, gee!
Look what I’ve found, Further
Adventures in the World of Concrete!
Here is a red monkey book.
Not the red monkey book. It’s boring!
But this is a different story.
It might be more fun.
I bet it’s not.
Once upon a time ,
there was a red monkey.
Oh. He had a bath,
cleaned his teeth and went to bed.
No, he jumped into a
space rocket and went to the moon.
He had a picnic with the dinosaur,
swam under the sea
and climbed the highest mountain.
That was a busy day. The end.
Wow! Read it again.
We can borrow it
and read it at home, Peppa.
But I was going to
choose this book or this one.
You can take three
books home if you want, Peppa.
Yippee!
But you must remember
to bring them back on time.
Yes, Miss Rabbit.
And you must remember
to bring your book back, too, Daddy pig.
I’ll make sure daddy remembers.
Yes Peppa .I’m sure you will. Ho ho.